Any questions on my
implementation of how it is?
Anything I do that didn't make sense?
Yeah, sure.
>> I noticed that you use a lot of div,
and that's probably okay but
I was thinking I did
paragraphs in a lot of mine.
>> Yeah, so-
>> Cuz I normally think of div as
containers.
>> It's a super valid question and
a valid point.
So for example, let's see if I can find
one more I just kind of yellowed it.
Like here, this div right here,
where it's just containing text.
There's a super valid reason that you
would say this is a paragraph, right?
Cuz it's just text.
So I'll give you two sides of that.
I typically use divs if I'm actually
putting an actual paragraph of
text, right?
Cuz actually they are going
to be sentences to read.
That's a personal choice and
it's not correct, it's not incorrect.
I do wanna broaden your
definition of what divs can be.
They can be containers,
they certainly are containers,
that part of the definition
absolutely correct.
But they're just amorphous.
They are whatever you define them to be.
So in this particular case,
I define them to be item quantity.
It's more defined what the class
is rather than what the div is.
IIt's a blob and you can shape it
into whatever you want it to be.
But personal preference at that point.
If you feel like paragraphs are more
fitting there, I'm super okay with that.
I'm happy that you're forming opinions
about it or have opinions about it.
How do we do?
Okay?
Did we feel okay about this?
Was it hard?
This probably took me at
least an hour to do and
I've done this thing
a trillion times my career.
So I did not knock this out very quickly.
So if it took you a while to do it,
you're okay.
I don't know if I'm gonna
call myself good company, but
you're at least in my company.
Okay.
Cool.
So one thing I think I'm not
positive I mentioned in previously,
but the way you link a stylesheet in here.
We don't wanna do it in here,
we wanna look at the other one.
And here.
So here in the head, I just have this
link here, out to style sheet, right?
This is how you link to
external style sheets.
Same thing with an href and
all that kinda stuff.
Yeah, Mark.
>> You used the nav for the logo?
Wouldn't it be more meaningful
to use the header tag instead?
>> Yeah,
that's actually a really good point.
So astutely calling out
that I call this a nav.
Just nothing really navigating about this.
Better semantic tag for
this would be header.
Because that's more accurately what it is.
That is somewhat better,
a somewhat more important
distinction just because
a screen reader is gonna look for
a navigation bar to define where
it can send its user next..
There's nowhere to navigate in here.
It's more accurately just a header,
that's at the top of the page.
So yeah, good call
Cool.
So we are done with HTML and CSS.
Hopefully feel pretty good about those.
You can get jobs doing just HTML and
CSS, there's a lot of people that
have WordPress sites that
just need styling and design.
Beyond that actually know a decent
amount of designers these
days that they don't even work in figma or
things like that anymore.
They do all of their designs
directly into the HTML and CSS,
they don't end up writing
very much JavaScript, but
they end up doing their designing
process directly in HTML and CSS.
So for designers this is actually super
useful we've gone through so far.
Not every lots of people still
use stigma by the way, or
sketch or anything like that.
But yeah, I think it's pretty cool.